Liking the color purple.  Purple is beautiful.  Fight meHugging. I love hugging peopleI won a big self care prize from an event a few weeks ago. It included things like a pedicure, 3 sensory deprevation floats and a ton of bath stuff. I wont lie, this all look hella awesome, as I probably wouldn't have gone to purchase these items myself.Nothing I'm perfectly healthy and happy.I have a man bag. It's awesome. Oh, and I had long hair. I'm currently regrowing it out.I'm a single dad of two kids I think other single dad's should stfu and not bitch on the internet about being under appreciated

Do soldiers bitch about being soldiers? I don't do it for internet validation.I'd like to cry, I guess. I watch all the emotional episodes of my favorite shows when I'm sure noone else is around cause damn, certain topics can get me crying.Smell like fucking strawberries and cream. Cologne smells fucking nasty. Any type. Really.Wear tights/leggings/tighter soft clothes in general.

Wear skirts. 

Wear heels. 

Use makeup to improve our appearance. 

Care about our appearance I'm general. 

Wear/use a handbag. 

Wear nail polish.

Dance. 

Develop relationships based on emotional connection. 

Basically it feels like we're supposed to be Ron Swanson clones, wash ourselves with bacon, shave with an axe, and never express anything. I think one of the most stupid things is that men cannot be stay-at-home people without being ridiculed - even if they have a freaking job. Taking their bra off when they get home.To not have to work dangerous jobs. Have long hair.  I still get called ma'am by rude old people all the time.Anything he wants, i mean, TF?Might be slightly off topic but ...getting angry at  macho chauvinism and trying to talk about feminism with guy friends.  I get "are you trying to pick up chicks by talking that bullshit" or "who's side are you on?" 
I get suspicious stares from female friends as well.  
I just get angry at all stupid prejudices and i think men should be able to talk about  feminism and not be suspected of having ulterior motives. 
Sitting down to pee. It's a relaxing load off the legs.I want to be able to put on/wear makeup! It looks like soo much fun. It's like face painting for adults. Actually, the whole ritual of getting ready, tbh. Straightening hair, choosing clothes and shoes.